so trouble is typically paid through I think it's a couple different ways
at your own orders traveled can be paid for by the by the service
member or through basically to Millington who's who actually provides
you your orders so they'll send you out say in advance pay were
you there a lot to a certain amount of money to travel from point a
to point B. and the ideas for you to keep our eye receives internal
travel clay showing how you spend those monies for travel or if you're
on official like say for traveling for an exercise or something and
you have a government travel car you can spin those monies through
using that government travel car in a program called DTS which of
the the defense travel system if I'm not mistaken so you're going there
and every command has a typically like a a young woman or a a PS
who will show you how to use this program and you going here you creature
travel to travel from point a to point B. using that government
travel car